Q2.2 Visualization needs to convey the data clearly and effectively to the reader
I have removed redundant columns. For example, City MPG is in very much linear relation with Hwy MPG and hence would convey same information.

I have tried to keep table simple with highlighted fields in red depicting out of ordinary values.
For example, I have highlighted Cars and Hwy MPG values having value < 20.
Also if HP > 400 then it is marked as different.
 

--------------
Q2.3 Bar charts. A Sports Car enthusiasts has locked down 5 targets and wants to
visually compare the properties of these cars. Using D3 & Tableau, pick any 5 cars
from the Sports Car category and use bar charts to visualize the differences in the 5
most important attributes Retail
Price, Engine Size, HP, City MPG and Hwy MPG.

a. Since there are four charts in a page using gray scale for all four might not be a good idea,
because user won't be able to make out the difference easily.
I have tried to use medium saturation colors for making it visually pleasing.
Also avoided colors considering solor-blindness.
----

b.
Since these charts essentially convey only one characteristics (or similar characteristics),
I preferred using gray scale here. I kept it low saturated for visual pleasantness.
-----------

Q2.4.
Creative visualization. Using D3, construct a creative visualization that
compares 4 manufacturers of your choice (e.g., Audi, Ford, Honda, etc.) You should use 5 attributes (Retail Price, Engine Size, HP, City MPG and Hwy MPG) used in Q2.3.

The idea my visualization is based on is to be able to compare not only the average values for
car manufacturer but also lowest value(e.g. Price) , highest value and average.

For this, I have used combination of bar chart with scatter plot.

The color chosen for bars is gray scale except for Hwy MPG/City MPG where we needed to 
differentiate using colors. I chose gray scale because the scattered nodes are colored and too
much color would make visualization NOISY.

The colors for nodes are same color with different saturation. This will help differentiate easily.
I used high satuartion for highest value and low saturation for lowest.

------------